Hello, everyone.
So, Dylan, we have covered everything about the beverage class and coffee glass and added everything
to the label glass.
We just have to add fast action to the event at best in the class.
So in order to make that things clear, firstly, we have to create the juice and the water glass.
Then only we can attach the actions to the label glass, which is not going to be responsible for testing
and turning off the application.
So our next concern should be creating a new Finance Merseyside folder that will be called as Juice
North Java.
So we have landed inside the juice file on this list containing a juice glass.
So inside this juice glass, we are going to create more like object event.
String and float, like Usain has flavor, we have already discussed it in the U.S. So private string
float and the float is going to be a string theory basically, which is going to contain types of the
fraud, which could be the flavors of the use of force sore.
And this string recalls float is going to continue to be fraud in the beginning and that there are going
to be some falls upon.
And then an orange, OK, so it is right then that my double string, so I'm not ending up buying now.
But for sure, we have a look.
It's so changing this to double coat.
So the elements of the show today is I put on edge and pineapple, and the indexes of these are going
to be zero, one and two, respectively.
So after the creation of this juice glass and extending it to the beverage glass as we are going to
use the methods inside the beverage glass, we have used the 10 segments hard for this only to make
use of that glass inside an underclass.
So that said, the method is used for that only go access private objects inside any other classes of
the folder.
So we have set it already.
Now we have declared the string after which we have declared this news object and the arguments inside
the juice object is string size, integer amount and label.
So these three are the same arguments as we have done inside the coffee glass.
The difference inside the juice glass is only that we have options like we are using this combo box
like option pane.
We can see that.
So option pane is displayed when we run the thing.
We choose juice and then we add it to cart.
Then our option pane appears asking, twice selecting.
Absolutely.
So we have to select that food as a flavor of our use in order to complete the order.
So this try and catch, we are responsible for an exception handling like any kind of error.
If arises, then it will be cached inside the null pointed exception.
You have to select our flavor if you click no later, do not select any flavor items, cancel the dialog
box, then automatically the exception collective.
Choose any of the flavors and then you can add to cart.
So try inside this try.
We are adding option pane on the label list containing the string select of fruit, so select the fruit
and a question message is being up passed asking for fruit.
So the option pane will be containing this fruit that had this fruit string at it, containing three
floors apple, orange and pineapple.
And by default, the total will be displayed as the index zeroes.
And then we have output.
So the update will be displayed by default and you can choose it and you and you will like any of the
three scoops you can choose.
Now, in the similar way, we have done it for the coffee glass.
We have lost sight of double price and we have our dedicated prize for all the three sizes.
But in the juice, we have fruits also like that we had milk.
So in this, we are having our flavors.
So by default, the flavoring Zapper.
So this five and seven and nine is the price for that produced by small apple juice is costing five.
Similarly, the medium one goes seven and if not using the small and medium, definitely it will make
using the large glass.
So the price is going to be nine.
And suppose if you are choosing orange and pineapple, then the price is going to be multiplied with
one point two five in those like dedicated glasses.
So you are choosing a small orange juice glass.
Then the price is going to be multiplied with one point over it.
And for the pineapple, the size of the price is going to be multiplied with one point five.
Similarly, the set price is used to set up daily the price.
Once you change your mind like adding two more glasses of coffee, then this set price method is used
to update this price.
OK, so this is done till now.
Now, in the similar way of adding strings like text.
In the form of string, we have prizes of double and an amount as an integer, so we have to convert
all of the text into a form of string.
So we are using this to string function, calling the SuperDart string to convert float just to display
her like, suppose the f choose our produce.
So it will be displayed that five glasses of apple juice is added.
So yes, this is responsible for converting everything in the form of this thing now so that we have
created use glass, coffee, glass, beverage glass.
Now our next concern should be creating a new file inside this folder and name that the Java.
So this glass is going to be responsible for adding all the functionalities of the the option in the
menu bar.
So this will be like initialized US public, sorry, private boolean sugar.
And then in that sugar is going to be the add on for the B option in the menu.
Now inside this, we are going to make a constructor call it as E and the arguments are going to be
string side and somone and label B and in the similar way we have done it for that juice and the coffee
glass.
So the constructor is created successfully now inside this in the similar way, we'll be adding a Superman
turn and the Superman turn will be containing size and amount for the bee.
And if statement will ask for that, we want to like attach sugar to our C are not so g options been
dark or dialog box will appear asking for like whether we want to add and the patent component is going
to be the LV end and the message is going to be like, would you like to add the sugar or something
like this?
So would you like sugar as it goes well?
Would you like sugar in your thinking?
Would you like sugar?
A question mark should be attached.
And after this, sugar?
Well.
OK, so option been really bad after this, asking for like a bad yes option.
Option pain again, not yes.
No option.
We are going to selected from the suggestions.
So yes, no option.
We are going to add.
And this is going to be said as.
Not in the fall.
And if this if statement is true, then the Sugar Bowl in object of an so through in the beginning,
as if this is not true, then we will like change sugar.
It'll force later initially.
So what is false by default now?
So that, OK, so there are no alcohol is required for this also.
Now after this.
Now, in this similar way, we are concerned adding prizes to their tea with sugar and without sugar.
So calling double price here, if size equals small fries for this day, is going to be three point
zero.
As if this if the size is medium, then the price for that thing is going to be fought.
As if we have not chosen small and medium, then that is only one size left, which is larger.
So definitely for the lies, the price is going to be fine.
Now what if sugar is added?
So if this boleyn's yogurt is going to change, if this says do true and false?
So if true, like if sugar is present, sugar is added, then the price is going to be multiplied with
one point two five.
And suppose we have to like go to the small size D, then today is going to be multiplied with one point
two five and the price is going to be three point seventy five.
So that total label report will show that you have added a small cup of tea and the price is two point
seventy five with sugar.
So we have updated the price to according to the sizes we have used.
Similarly, we have done it for the coffee and the juice, plus we are converting string and I like
other data types in the form of string.
So suppose if sugar returns to string, then be rich sugar so supposedly added sugar, then we have
to display that five glasses of five small glasses of B is added with sugar.
So this is going to convert things in the form of string.
We have already like mentioned it in the previous glasses now so that we have covered everything about
that the juice coffee beverage glasses.
Now, in the next part, we will be covering about the worth of what this glass is going to be responsible
for, what is going to be the brightness for all the size.
What is going to be that I don't think attached to what the glass and later on they will say, I like
the action attached to it, every event inside the label glass.
So yes, this is exactly we are going to do in the next, but we will be creating the water glass and
then concluding everything inside the label glass and we will be attaching actions to everything and
then running the project and see what actually happens as the output.
OK, so see you in the next part.